Fail modeling rules if no testdata (#2950)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue where **download** command failed when running on a beta integration.
* Added the `DEMISTO_SDK_GRAPH_FORCE_CREATE` environment variable. Use it to force the SDK to recreate the graph, rather than update it.
* Added support for code importing multi-level ApiModules to **lint**.

> * Added that **modeling-rules test** command will fail if no testdata file exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a validation that the **modeling-rules test** command will fail if no test data file exist.
```
